# Computer Science Capstone
## CS-499 | SNHU

## Professional Self-Assessment
Over the duration of this course and throughout SNHU's Computer Science program, I have been builidng my skillset and knowledge. All in the hopes that I will use my acquired knowledge and skills to find a potential career in a Computer Science field of my choosing. This ePortfolio is meant to showcase a few of my completed works to potential employers, and that I am capable of producing industry-standard code for quality software. The artifacts chosen highlight different areas of Computer Science knowledge, including Software Design and Engineering, Algorithms and Data Structures, and Databases. These three categories will each have their own artifact and accompanying narrative explaining the process I used in order to enhance the artifact from its original form. 

Completing each of the the artifact enhancements shows my strengths in the aforementioned categories of Software Design and Engineering, Algorithms and Data Structures, and Databases. The artifact chosen for enhancment in both the Software Design and Database category was originally from the CS-465: Full Stack Development course. In this course, the task was to develop a web application using the MEAN stack. The acronym MEAN stands for MongoDB, Express, Angular, and Node.js. Each of these tools was utilized respectively to build the front and back end functions of the web application. This includes the user client page for a vacation booking website, and a client page for admin users to modify and maintain trip data used for the web page. In completing and enhancing this artifact, I have shown strength in developing software applications from front to back by establishing user interfaces for both clients, creating a RESTful API with proper routing methods, and establishing server connections to host the application. As mentioned, the artifact from CS-465: Full Stack Development also encapsulates the Database category of enhancment. This is because the MEAN stack incorporates MongoDB functionality to store relevant trip data for the client. One of the main issues with the original version of the artifact was that it did not correctly establish connections with the MongoDB database. After enhancement, the artifact now includes the option to view trip data from the admin client user interface with the option to add and edit entries. This enhancement overall showcases my strengths in working with document-based databases, such as the MongoDB database used in the artifact, and creating effective user interfaces for easy data manipulation. The final category to mentions is Algorithms and Data Structures. For this category, I selected the artifact from CS-370: Current & Emerging Trends. In this course, the task was to develop a reinforcement learning algorithm 
